README.md, before:

```
 _              _               
| |_ _   ___  _(_) ___  _ __    
| __| | | \ \/ / |/ _ \| '_ \   
| |_| |_| |>  <| | (_) | | | |_ 
 \__|\__,_/_/\_\_|\___/|_| |_(_) 
```

* [http://tuxion.nl/](http://tuxion.nl/)
* [team@tuxion.nl](mailto:team@tuxion.nl)
* [Twitter](http://twitter.com/Tuxion)
* [Google+](http://tuxion.nl/+)

# Tuxion CMS - Active development version (Alpha)

## Description

Tuxion CMS is a framework that comes with several components that form a CMS. The
framework is built to make it as easy as we can to extend the CMS. The default components
are:

* __cms__     : "Page" creation and management. Essentially providing the content of the website.
* __account__ : Login forms and user management. Allows the CMS component to create profile pages.
* __menu__    : Menu control. Allows the CMS component to implement menus in a page.
* __text__    : Creating, storing and editing text. Allows the CMS component to create text pages.
* __update__  : Installing and updating other components or the framework itself.

For more specific components, you can take a look at our
[repository list](https://github.com/Tuxion). All repositories prefixed with `tx.cms-` are
components for this framework.

If you need functionality that does not exist yet, you could create the component yourself
(an API documentation is planned to come soon), or you could contact
[Tuxion](http://web.tuxion.nl/).

## Features
 
* Fast
* Flexible

## Requirements

* Modern browser.
* PHP 5.3.8+

## Documentation

A Dutch manual to to the installation and usage of the Tuxion CMS can be found
[here](http://handleiding.tuxion.nl/). An English version and API documentation are
planned to come out in the future.

## Change log

### Development

* Many bug fixes:
 - The install script can now be run from the get go.
 - The install script no longer randomly stops.
 - Deleting pages now works.
 - Pages now are properly named, instead of always being called "New Page".
 - Saving menu items, pages and texts should now cause no more trouble.
* UI improvements:
 - The text editor has a new skin.
 - The profile button is back!
 - New icons.
* Updated the text editor to 4.0

### Version 1.0

* The first stable version to be recorded as a version.

## Subsystem Versions

* __framework__ : 3.3.3
* __account__   : 1.3
* __cms__       : 2.0
* __menu__      : 1.3
* __text__      : 1.2
* __update__    : 1.2

## Licenses

### GPLv3

tuxion.cms uses the GPLv3 license. You can read more about this license on [Free Software
Foundations website](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html). The license is also
included as [LICENSE](https://raw.github.com/Tuxion/tuxion.cms/master/LICENSE) in this
directory.

### Commercial License

If you can not use the GPLv3 license, perhaps the commercial license would be suitable for
you. If you have any thoughts or questions regarding licensing, feel free to contact us.

Commit message:

Split the README and the change-log into two files.

README.md, after:

```
 _              _               
| |_ _   ___  _(_) ___  _ __    
| __| | | \ \/ / |/ _ \| '_ \   
| |_| |_| |>  <| | (_) | | | |_ 
 \__|\__,_/_/\_\_|\___/|_| |_(_) 
```

* [http://tuxion.nl/](http://tuxion.nl/)
* [team@tuxion.nl](mailto:team@tuxion.nl)
* [Twitter](http://twitter.com/Tuxion)
* [Google+](http://tuxion.nl/+)

# Tuxion CMS - Active development version (Alpha)

## Description

Tuxion CMS is a framework that comes with several components that form a CMS. The
framework is built to make it as easy as we can to extend the CMS. The default components
are:

* __cms__     : "Page" creation and management. Essentially providing the content of the website.
* __account__ : Login forms and user management. Allows the CMS component to create profile pages.
* __menu__    : Menu control. Allows the CMS component to implement menus in a page.
* __text__    : Creating, storing and editing text. Allows the CMS component to create text pages.
* __update__  : Installing and updating other components or the framework itself.

For more specific components, you can take a look at our
[repository list](https://github.com/Tuxion). All repositories prefixed with `tx.cms-` are
components for this framework.

If you need functionality that does not exist yet, you could create the component yourself
(an API documentation is planned to come soon), or you could contact
[Tuxion](http://web.tuxion.nl/).

## Features
 
* Fast
* Flexible

## Requirements

* Modern browser.
* PHP 5.3.8+

## Documentation

A Dutch manual to to the installation and usage of the Tuxion CMS can be found
[here](http://handleiding.tuxion.nl/). An English version and API documentation are
planned to come out in the future.

## Change log

The change-log can be found in `CHANGES.md` in this directory.

## Subsystem Versions

* __framework__ : 3.3.3
* __account__   : 1.3
* __cms__       : 2.0
* __menu__      : 1.3
* __text__      : 1.2
* __update__    : 1.2

## Licenses

### GPLv3

tuxion.cms uses the GPLv3 license. You can read more about this license on [Free Software
Foundations website](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html). The license is also
included as [LICENSE](https://raw.github.com/Tuxion/tuxion.cms/master/LICENSE) in this
directory.

### Commercial License

If you can not use the GPLv3 license, perhaps the commercial license would be suitable for
you. If you have any thoughts or questions regarding licensing, feel free to contact us.
