apidocs/dependencies/File.md, before:

# dependencies\File
[API index](../API-index.md)






* Class name: File
* Namespace: dependencies




## Class index

**Properties**
* [`protected mixed $cache_time`](#property-cache_time)
* [`protected mixed $dir`](#property-dir)
* [`protected mixed $file`](#property-file)
* [`protected mixed $info`](#property-info)
* [`protected mixed $source`](#property-source)

**Methods**
* [`public mixed __construct($file)`](#method-__construct)
* [`public mixed cache_time($set)`](#method-cache_time)
* [`public mixed download($options)`](#method-download)
* [`public mixed from_file($source)`](#method-from_file)
* [`public mixed get_filesize()`](#method-get_filesize)
* [`public mixed output($options)`](#method-output)
* [`public mixed save($save)`](#method-save)
* [`protected mixed create_output_headers()`](#method-create_output_headers)







# Properties


## Property `$cache_time`

```
protected mixed $cache_time = 604800
```





* Visibility: **protected**


## Property `$dir`

```
protected mixed $dir = ''
```





* Visibility: **protected**


## Property `$file`

```
protected mixed $file = ''
```





* Visibility: **protected**


## Property `$info`

```
protected mixed $info = array()
```





* Visibility: **protected**


## Property `$source`

```
protected mixed $source = ''
```





* Visibility: **protected**


# Methods


## Method `__construct`

```
mixed dependencies\File::__construct($file)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $file **mixed**



## Method `cache_time`

```
mixed dependencies\File::cache_time($set)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $set **mixed**



## Method `download`

```
mixed dependencies\File::download($options)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $options **mixed**



## Method `from_file`

```
mixed dependencies\File::from_file($source)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $source **mixed**



## Method `get_filesize`

```
mixed dependencies\File::get_filesize()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `output`

```
mixed dependencies\File::output($options)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $options **mixed**



## Method `save`

```
mixed dependencies\File::save($save)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $save **mixed**



## Method `create_output_headers`

```
mixed dependencies\File::create_output_headers()
```





* Visibility: **protected**

Commit message:

Improved API docs.  * Implemented a functional back-to-top button. (Displays current class name.)  * Fixed casing for API-index.md

apidocs/dependencies/File.md, after:

# dependencies\File
[API index](../API-index.md)






* Class name: File
* Namespace: dependencies




## Class index

**Properties**
* [`protected mixed $cache_time`](#property-cache_time)
* [`protected mixed $dir`](#property-dir)
* [`protected mixed $file`](#property-file)
* [`protected mixed $info`](#property-info)
* [`protected mixed $source`](#property-source)

**Methods**
* [`public mixed __construct($file)`](#method-__construct)
* [`public mixed cache_time($set)`](#method-cache_time)
* [`public mixed download($options)`](#method-download)
* [`public mixed from_file($source)`](#method-from_file)
* [`public mixed get_filesize()`](#method-get_filesize)
* [`public mixed output($options)`](#method-output)
* [`public mixed save($save)`](#method-save)
* [`protected mixed create_output_headers()`](#method-create_output_headers)







# Properties


## Property `$cache_time`
In class: [dependencies\File](#top)

```
protected mixed $cache_time = 604800
```





* Visibility: **protected**


## Property `$dir`
In class: [dependencies\File](#top)

```
protected mixed $dir = ''
```





* Visibility: **protected**


## Property `$file`
In class: [dependencies\File](#top)

```
protected mixed $file = ''
```





* Visibility: **protected**


## Property `$info`
In class: [dependencies\File](#top)

```
protected mixed $info = array()
```





* Visibility: **protected**


## Property `$source`
In class: [dependencies\File](#top)

```
protected mixed $source = ''
```





* Visibility: **protected**


# Methods


## Method `__construct`
In class: [dependencies\File](#top)

```
mixed dependencies\File::__construct($file)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $file **mixed**



## Method `cache_time`
In class: [dependencies\File](#top)

```
mixed dependencies\File::cache_time($set)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $set **mixed**



## Method `download`
In class: [dependencies\File](#top)

```
mixed dependencies\File::download($options)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $options **mixed**



## Method `from_file`
In class: [dependencies\File](#top)

```
mixed dependencies\File::from_file($source)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $source **mixed**



## Method `get_filesize`
In class: [dependencies\File](#top)

```
mixed dependencies\File::get_filesize()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `output`
In class: [dependencies\File](#top)

```
mixed dependencies\File::output($options)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $options **mixed**



## Method `save`
In class: [dependencies\File](#top)

```
mixed dependencies\File::save($save)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $save **mixed**



## Method `create_output_headers`
In class: [dependencies\File](#top)

```
mixed dependencies\File::create_output_headers()
```





* Visibility: **protected**
