apidocs/dependencies/Rectangle.md, before:

# dependencies\Rectangle
[API index](../API-index.md)






* Class name: Rectangle
* Namespace: dependencies




## Class index
**Constants**
* [`  AUTO`](#constant-auto)
* [`  DOWN`](#constant-down)
* [`  INSIDE`](#constant-inside)
* [`  OUTSIDE`](#constant-outside)
* [`  UP`](#constant-up)

**Properties**
* [`private mixed $height`](#property-height)
* [`private mixed $width`](#property-width)

**Methods**
* [`public mixed __construct($width, $height)`](#method-__construct)
* [`public mixed contain($width, $height, $shrink)`](#method-contain)
* [`public mixed fit($width, $height, $grow)`](#method-fit)
* [`public mixed height()`](#method-height)
* [`public mixed round($type)`](#method-round)
* [`public mixed set_height($height, $maintain_aspect_ratio)`](#method-set_height)
* [`public mixed set_width($width, $maintain_aspect_ratio)`](#method-set_width)
* [`public mixed width()`](#method-width)





# Constants


## Constant `AUTO`

```
const AUTO = 3
```





## Constant `DOWN`

```
const DOWN = 2
```





## Constant `INSIDE`

```
const INSIDE = 2
```





## Constant `OUTSIDE`

```
const OUTSIDE = 1
```





## Constant `UP`

```
const UP = 1
```





# Properties


## Property `$height`

```
private mixed $height = -1
```





* Visibility: **private**


## Property `$width`

```
private mixed $width = -1
```





* Visibility: **private**


# Methods


## Method `__construct`

```
mixed dependencies\Rectangle::__construct($width, $height)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $width **mixed**
* $height **mixed**



## Method `contain`

```
mixed dependencies\Rectangle::contain($width, $height, $shrink)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $width **mixed**
* $height **mixed**
* $shrink **mixed**



## Method `fit`

```
mixed dependencies\Rectangle::fit($width, $height, $grow)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $width **mixed**
* $height **mixed**
* $grow **mixed**



## Method `height`

```
mixed dependencies\Rectangle::height()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `round`

```
mixed dependencies\Rectangle::round($type)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $type **mixed**



## Method `set_height`

```
mixed dependencies\Rectangle::set_height($height, $maintain_aspect_ratio)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $height **mixed**
* $maintain_aspect_ratio **mixed**



## Method `set_width`

```
mixed dependencies\Rectangle::set_width($width, $maintain_aspect_ratio)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $width **mixed**
* $maintain_aspect_ratio **mixed**



## Method `width`

```
mixed dependencies\Rectangle::width()
```





* Visibility: **public**

Commit message:

Improved API docs.  * Implemented a functional back-to-top button. (Displays current class name.)  * Fixed casing for API-index.md

apidocs/dependencies/Rectangle.md, after:

# dependencies\Rectangle
[API index](../API-index.md)






* Class name: Rectangle
* Namespace: dependencies




## Class index
**Constants**
* [`  AUTO`](#constant-auto)
* [`  DOWN`](#constant-down)
* [`  INSIDE`](#constant-inside)
* [`  OUTSIDE`](#constant-outside)
* [`  UP`](#constant-up)

**Properties**
* [`private mixed $height`](#property-height)
* [`private mixed $width`](#property-width)

**Methods**
* [`public mixed __construct($width, $height)`](#method-__construct)
* [`public mixed contain($width, $height, $shrink)`](#method-contain)
* [`public mixed fit($width, $height, $grow)`](#method-fit)
* [`public mixed height()`](#method-height)
* [`public mixed round($type)`](#method-round)
* [`public mixed set_height($height, $maintain_aspect_ratio)`](#method-set_height)
* [`public mixed set_width($width, $maintain_aspect_ratio)`](#method-set_width)
* [`public mixed width()`](#method-width)





# Constants


## Constant `AUTO`
In class: [dependencies\Rectangle](#top)

```
const AUTO = 3
```





## Constant `DOWN`
In class: [dependencies\Rectangle](#top)

```
const DOWN = 2
```





## Constant `INSIDE`
In class: [dependencies\Rectangle](#top)

```
const INSIDE = 2
```





## Constant `OUTSIDE`
In class: [dependencies\Rectangle](#top)

```
const OUTSIDE = 1
```





## Constant `UP`
In class: [dependencies\Rectangle](#top)

```
const UP = 1
```





# Properties


## Property `$height`
In class: [dependencies\Rectangle](#top)

```
private mixed $height = -1
```





* Visibility: **private**


## Property `$width`
In class: [dependencies\Rectangle](#top)

```
private mixed $width = -1
```





* Visibility: **private**


# Methods


## Method `__construct`
In class: [dependencies\Rectangle](#top)

```
mixed dependencies\Rectangle::__construct($width, $height)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $width **mixed**
* $height **mixed**



## Method `contain`
In class: [dependencies\Rectangle](#top)

```
mixed dependencies\Rectangle::contain($width, $height, $shrink)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $width **mixed**
* $height **mixed**
* $shrink **mixed**



## Method `fit`
In class: [dependencies\Rectangle](#top)

```
mixed dependencies\Rectangle::fit($width, $height, $grow)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $width **mixed**
* $height **mixed**
* $grow **mixed**



## Method `height`
In class: [dependencies\Rectangle](#top)

```
mixed dependencies\Rectangle::height()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `round`
In class: [dependencies\Rectangle](#top)

```
mixed dependencies\Rectangle::round($type)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $type **mixed**



## Method `set_height`
In class: [dependencies\Rectangle](#top)

```
mixed dependencies\Rectangle::set_height($height, $maintain_aspect_ratio)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $height **mixed**
* $maintain_aspect_ratio **mixed**



## Method `set_width`
In class: [dependencies\Rectangle](#top)

```
mixed dependencies\Rectangle::set_width($width, $maintain_aspect_ratio)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $width **mixed**
* $maintain_aspect_ratio **mixed**



## Method `width`
In class: [dependencies\Rectangle](#top)

```
mixed dependencies\Rectangle::width()
```





* Visibility: **public**
