apidocs/dependencies/RelationType.md, before:

# dependencies\RelationType
[API index](../API-index.md)






* Class name: RelationType
* Namespace: dependencies
* This is an **abstract** class




## Class index
**Constants**
* [`  ForeignKey`](#constant-foreignkey)
* [`  LinkTable`](#constant-linktable)
* [`  NestedSets`](#constant-nestedsets)
* [`  Reference`](#constant-reference)
* [`  SelfReference`](#constant-selfreference)


**Methods**
* [`public static mixed detect_type(\dependencies\BaseModel $model, array $relation)`](#method-detect_type)





# Constants


## Constant `ForeignKey`

```
const ForeignKey = 1
```





## Constant `LinkTable`

```
const LinkTable = 4
```





## Constant `NestedSets`

```
const NestedSets = 5
```





## Constant `Reference`

```
const Reference = 2
```





## Constant `SelfReference`

```
const SelfReference = 3
```







# Methods


## Method `detect_type`

```
mixed dependencies\RelationType::detect_type(\dependencies\BaseModel $model, array $relation)
```





* Visibility: **public**
* This method is **static**.

#### Arguments

* $model **[dependencies\BaseModel](../dependencies/BaseModel.md)**
* $relation **array**

Commit message:

Improved API docs.  * Implemented a functional back-to-top button. (Displays current class name.)  * Fixed casing for API-index.md

apidocs/dependencies/RelationType.md, after:

# dependencies\RelationType
[API index](../API-index.md)






* Class name: RelationType
* Namespace: dependencies
* This is an **abstract** class




## Class index
**Constants**
* [`  ForeignKey`](#constant-foreignkey)
* [`  LinkTable`](#constant-linktable)
* [`  NestedSets`](#constant-nestedsets)
* [`  Reference`](#constant-reference)
* [`  SelfReference`](#constant-selfreference)


**Methods**
* [`public static mixed detect_type(\dependencies\BaseModel $model, array $relation)`](#method-detect_type)





# Constants


## Constant `ForeignKey`
In class: [dependencies\RelationType](#top)

```
const ForeignKey = 1
```





## Constant `LinkTable`
In class: [dependencies\RelationType](#top)

```
const LinkTable = 4
```





## Constant `NestedSets`
In class: [dependencies\RelationType](#top)

```
const NestedSets = 5
```





## Constant `Reference`
In class: [dependencies\RelationType](#top)

```
const Reference = 2
```





## Constant `SelfReference`
In class: [dependencies\RelationType](#top)

```
const SelfReference = 3
```







# Methods


## Method `detect_type`
In class: [dependencies\RelationType](#top)

```
mixed dependencies\RelationType::detect_type(\dependencies\BaseModel $model, array $relation)
```





* Visibility: **public**
* This method is **static**.

#### Arguments

* $model **[dependencies\BaseModel](../dependencies/BaseModel.md)**
* $relation **array**
