apidocs/core/Account.md, before:

# core\Account
[API index](../API-index.md)






* Class name: Account
* Namespace: core




## Class index

**Properties**
* [`public mixed $user`](#property-user)

**Methods**
* [`public mixed __construct()`](#method-__construct)
* [`public mixed check_level($level, $exact)`](#method-check_level)
* [`public mixed init()`](#method-init)
* [`public mixed login($email, $pass, $expiry_date)`](#method-login)
* [`public mixed logout()`](#method-logout)
* [`public mixed page_authorisation($level, $exact)`](#method-page_authorisation)
* [`public mixed register($email, $username, $password, $level)`](#method-register)







# Properties


## Property `$user`

```
public mixed $user
```





* Visibility: **public**


# Methods


## Method `__construct`

```
mixed core\Account::__construct()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `check_level`

```
mixed core\Account::check_level($level, $exact)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $level **mixed**
* $exact **mixed**



## Method `init`

```
mixed core\Account::init()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `login`

```
mixed core\Account::login($email, $pass, $expiry_date)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $email **mixed**
* $pass **mixed**
* $expiry_date **mixed**



## Method `logout`

```
mixed core\Account::logout()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `page_authorisation`

```
mixed core\Account::page_authorisation($level, $exact)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $level **mixed**
* $exact **mixed**



## Method `register`

```
mixed core\Account::register($email, $username, $password, $level)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $email **mixed**
* $username **mixed**
* $password **mixed**
* $level **mixed**

Commit message:

Improved API docs.  * Implemented a functional back-to-top button. (Displays current class name.)  * Fixed casing for API-index.md

apidocs/core/Account.md, after:

# core\Account
[API index](../API-index.md)






* Class name: Account
* Namespace: core




## Class index

**Properties**
* [`public mixed $user`](#property-user)

**Methods**
* [`public mixed __construct()`](#method-__construct)
* [`public mixed check_level($level, $exact)`](#method-check_level)
* [`public mixed init()`](#method-init)
* [`public mixed login($email, $pass, $expiry_date)`](#method-login)
* [`public mixed logout()`](#method-logout)
* [`public mixed page_authorisation($level, $exact)`](#method-page_authorisation)
* [`public mixed register($email, $username, $password, $level)`](#method-register)







# Properties


## Property `$user`
In class: [core\Account](#top)

```
public mixed $user
```





* Visibility: **public**


# Methods


## Method `__construct`
In class: [core\Account](#top)

```
mixed core\Account::__construct()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `check_level`
In class: [core\Account](#top)

```
mixed core\Account::check_level($level, $exact)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $level **mixed**
* $exact **mixed**



## Method `init`
In class: [core\Account](#top)

```
mixed core\Account::init()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `login`
In class: [core\Account](#top)

```
mixed core\Account::login($email, $pass, $expiry_date)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $email **mixed**
* $pass **mixed**
* $expiry_date **mixed**



## Method `logout`
In class: [core\Account](#top)

```
mixed core\Account::logout()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `page_authorisation`
In class: [core\Account](#top)

```
mixed core\Account::page_authorisation($level, $exact)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $level **mixed**
* $exact **mixed**



## Method `register`
In class: [core\Account](#top)

```
mixed core\Account::register($email, $username, $password, $level)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $email **mixed**
* $username **mixed**
* $password **mixed**
* $level **mixed**
