apidocs/core/Component.md, before:

# core\Component
[API index](../API-index.md)






* Class name: Component
* Namespace: core




## Class index

**Properties**
* [`private mixed $checks`](#property-checks)
* [`private mixed $components`](#property-components)

**Methods**
* [`public mixed __construct()`](#method-__construct)
* [`public mixed actions($of)`](#method-actions)
* [`public mixed available($component_name)`](#method-available)
* [`public mixed check($component_name)`](#method-check)
* [`public mixed enter($component)`](#method-enter)
* [`public mixed helpers($of)`](#method-helpers)
* [`public mixed json($of)`](#method-json)
* [`public mixed load($component, $part, $instantiate)`](#method-load)
* [`public mixed modules($of)`](#method-modules)
* [`public mixed sections($of)`](#method-sections)
* [`public mixed views($of)`](#method-views)







# Properties


## Property `$checks`

```
private mixed $checks = array()
```





* Visibility: **private**


## Property `$components`

```
private mixed $components
```





* Visibility: **private**


# Methods


## Method `__construct`

```
mixed core\Component::__construct()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `actions`

```
mixed core\Component::actions($of)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $of **mixed**



## Method `available`

```
mixed core\Component::available($component_name)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $component_name **mixed**



## Method `check`

```
mixed core\Component::check($component_name)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $component_name **mixed**



## Method `enter`

```
mixed core\Component::enter($component)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $component **mixed**



## Method `helpers`

```
mixed core\Component::helpers($of)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $of **mixed**



## Method `json`

```
mixed core\Component::json($of)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $of **mixed**



## Method `load`

```
mixed core\Component::load($component, $part, $instantiate)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $component **mixed**
* $part **mixed**
* $instantiate **mixed**



## Method `modules`

```
mixed core\Component::modules($of)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $of **mixed**



## Method `sections`

```
mixed core\Component::sections($of)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $of **mixed**



## Method `views`

```
mixed core\Component::views($of)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $of **mixed**

Commit message:

Improved API docs.  * Implemented a functional back-to-top button. (Displays current class name.)  * Fixed casing for API-index.md

apidocs/core/Component.md, after:

# core\Component
[API index](../API-index.md)






* Class name: Component
* Namespace: core




## Class index

**Properties**
* [`private mixed $checks`](#property-checks)
* [`private mixed $components`](#property-components)

**Methods**
* [`public mixed __construct()`](#method-__construct)
* [`public mixed actions($of)`](#method-actions)
* [`public mixed available($component_name)`](#method-available)
* [`public mixed check($component_name)`](#method-check)
* [`public mixed enter($component)`](#method-enter)
* [`public mixed helpers($of)`](#method-helpers)
* [`public mixed json($of)`](#method-json)
* [`public mixed load($component, $part, $instantiate)`](#method-load)
* [`public mixed modules($of)`](#method-modules)
* [`public mixed sections($of)`](#method-sections)
* [`public mixed views($of)`](#method-views)







# Properties


## Property `$checks`
In class: [core\Component](#top)

```
private mixed $checks = array()
```





* Visibility: **private**


## Property `$components`
In class: [core\Component](#top)

```
private mixed $components
```





* Visibility: **private**


# Methods


## Method `__construct`
In class: [core\Component](#top)

```
mixed core\Component::__construct()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `actions`
In class: [core\Component](#top)

```
mixed core\Component::actions($of)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $of **mixed**



## Method `available`
In class: [core\Component](#top)

```
mixed core\Component::available($component_name)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $component_name **mixed**



## Method `check`
In class: [core\Component](#top)

```
mixed core\Component::check($component_name)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $component_name **mixed**



## Method `enter`
In class: [core\Component](#top)

```
mixed core\Component::enter($component)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $component **mixed**



## Method `helpers`
In class: [core\Component](#top)

```
mixed core\Component::helpers($of)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $of **mixed**



## Method `json`
In class: [core\Component](#top)

```
mixed core\Component::json($of)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $of **mixed**



## Method `load`
In class: [core\Component](#top)

```
mixed core\Component::load($component, $part, $instantiate)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $component **mixed**
* $part **mixed**
* $instantiate **mixed**



## Method `modules`
In class: [core\Component](#top)

```
mixed core\Component::modules($of)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $of **mixed**



## Method `sections`
In class: [core\Component](#top)

```
mixed core\Component::sections($of)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $of **mixed**



## Method `views`
In class: [core\Component](#top)

```
mixed core\Component::views($of)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $of **mixed**
