apidocs/core/Config.md, before:

# core\Config
[API index](../API-index.md)






* Class name: Config
* Namespace: core




## Class index

**Properties**
* [`private mixed $site`](#property-site)
* [`private mixed $system`](#property-system)
* [`private mixed $user`](#property-user)

**Methods**
* [`public mixed __construct()`](#method-__construct)
* [`public mixed init()`](#method-init)
* [`public mixed site()`](#method-site)
* [`public mixed system()`](#method-system)
* [`public mixed user()`](#method-user)







# Properties


## Property `$site`

```
private mixed $site
```





* Visibility: **private**


## Property `$system`

```
private mixed $system
```





* Visibility: **private**


## Property `$user`

```
private mixed $user
```





* Visibility: **private**


# Methods


## Method `__construct`

```
mixed core\Config::__construct()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `init`

```
mixed core\Config::init()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `site`

```
mixed core\Config::site()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `system`

```
mixed core\Config::system()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `user`

```
mixed core\Config::user()
```





* Visibility: **public**

Commit message:

Improved API docs.  * Implemented a functional back-to-top button. (Displays current class name.)  * Fixed casing for API-index.md

apidocs/core/Config.md, after:

# core\Config
[API index](../API-index.md)






* Class name: Config
* Namespace: core




## Class index

**Properties**
* [`private mixed $site`](#property-site)
* [`private mixed $system`](#property-system)
* [`private mixed $user`](#property-user)

**Methods**
* [`public mixed __construct()`](#method-__construct)
* [`public mixed init()`](#method-init)
* [`public mixed site()`](#method-site)
* [`public mixed system()`](#method-system)
* [`public mixed user()`](#method-user)







# Properties


## Property `$site`
In class: [core\Config](#top)

```
private mixed $site
```





* Visibility: **private**


## Property `$system`
In class: [core\Config](#top)

```
private mixed $system
```





* Visibility: **private**


## Property `$user`
In class: [core\Config](#top)

```
private mixed $user
```





* Visibility: **private**


# Methods


## Method `__construct`
In class: [core\Config](#top)

```
mixed core\Config::__construct()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `init`
In class: [core\Config](#top)

```
mixed core\Config::init()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `site`
In class: [core\Config](#top)

```
mixed core\Config::site()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `system`
In class: [core\Config](#top)

```
mixed core\Config::system()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `user`
In class: [core\Config](#top)

```
mixed core\Config::user()
```





* Visibility: **public**
