apidocs/core/Controller.md, before:

# core\Controller
[API index](../API-index.md)






* Class name: Controller
* Namespace: core




## Class index


**Methods**
* [`public mixed get_messages()`](#method-get_messages)
* [`public mixed load_error_template(\Exception $e)`](#method-load_error_template)
* [`public mixed load_redirect_template(\dependencies\Url $redirect)`](#method-load_redirect_template)
* [`public mixed load_template($template, $theme, $body, $head)`](#method-load_template)
* [`public mixed message($message)`](#method-message)
* [`public mixed render_page($contents)`](#method-render_page)









# Methods


## Method `get_messages`

```
mixed core\Controller::get_messages()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `load_error_template`

```
mixed core\Controller::load_error_template(\Exception $e)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $e **Exception**



## Method `load_redirect_template`

```
mixed core\Controller::load_redirect_template(\dependencies\Url $redirect)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $redirect **[dependencies\Url](../dependencies/Url.md)**



## Method `load_template`

```
mixed core\Controller::load_template($template, $theme, $body, $head)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $template **mixed**
* $theme **mixed**
* $body **mixed**
* $head **mixed**



## Method `message`

```
mixed core\Controller::message($message)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $message **mixed**



## Method `render_page`

```
mixed core\Controller::render_page($contents)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $contents **mixed**

Commit message:

Improved API docs.  * Implemented a functional back-to-top button. (Displays current class name.)  * Fixed casing for API-index.md

apidocs/core/Controller.md, after:

# core\Controller
[API index](../API-index.md)






* Class name: Controller
* Namespace: core




## Class index


**Methods**
* [`public mixed get_messages()`](#method-get_messages)
* [`public mixed load_error_template(\Exception $e)`](#method-load_error_template)
* [`public mixed load_redirect_template(\dependencies\Url $redirect)`](#method-load_redirect_template)
* [`public mixed load_template($template, $theme, $body, $head)`](#method-load_template)
* [`public mixed message($message)`](#method-message)
* [`public mixed render_page($contents)`](#method-render_page)









# Methods


## Method `get_messages`
In class: [core\Controller](#top)

```
mixed core\Controller::get_messages()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `load_error_template`
In class: [core\Controller](#top)

```
mixed core\Controller::load_error_template(\Exception $e)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $e **Exception**



## Method `load_redirect_template`
In class: [core\Controller](#top)

```
mixed core\Controller::load_redirect_template(\dependencies\Url $redirect)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $redirect **[dependencies\Url](../dependencies/Url.md)**



## Method `load_template`
In class: [core\Controller](#top)

```
mixed core\Controller::load_template($template, $theme, $body, $head)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $template **mixed**
* $theme **mixed**
* $body **mixed**
* $head **mixed**



## Method `message`
In class: [core\Controller](#top)

```
mixed core\Controller::message($message)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $message **mixed**



## Method `render_page`
In class: [core\Controller](#top)

```
mixed core\Controller::render_page($contents)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $contents **mixed**
