apidocs/core/Data.md, before:

# core\Data
[API index](../API-index.md)






* Class name: Data
* Namespace: core




## Class index

**Properties**
* [`public mixed $cookie`](#property-cookie)
* [`public mixed $env`](#property-env)
* [`public mixed $files`](#property-files)
* [`public mixed $get`](#property-get)
* [`public mixed $post`](#property-post)
* [`public mixed $request`](#property-request)
* [`public mixed $server`](#property-server)
* [`public mixed $session`](#property-session)

**Methods**
* [`public mixed __destruct()`](#method-__destruct)
* [`public mixed __get($name)`](#method-__get)
* [`public mixed filter($component)`](#method-filter)
* [`public mixed init()`](#method-init)
* [`public mixed merge()`](#method-merge)
* [`public mixed postdata()`](#method-postdata)
* [`public mixed restore_session()`](#method-restore_session)
* [`public mixed xss_clean($str)`](#method-xss_clean)
* [`private mixed undo_magic_quotes($array, $top_level)`](#method-undo_magic_quotes)







# Properties


## Property `$cookie`

```
public mixed $cookie
```





* Visibility: **public**


## Property `$env`

```
public mixed $env
```





* Visibility: **public**


## Property `$files`

```
public mixed $files
```





* Visibility: **public**


## Property `$get`

```
public mixed $get
```





* Visibility: **public**


## Property `$post`

```
public mixed $post
```





* Visibility: **public**


## Property `$request`

```
public mixed $request
```





* Visibility: **public**


## Property `$server`

```
public mixed $server
```





* Visibility: **public**


## Property `$session`

```
public mixed $session
```





* Visibility: **public**


# Methods


## Method `__destruct`

```
mixed core\Data::__destruct()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `__get`

```
mixed core\Data::__get($name)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $name **mixed**



## Method `filter`

```
mixed core\Data::filter($component)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $component **mixed**



## Method `init`

```
mixed core\Data::init()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `merge`

```
mixed core\Data::merge()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `postdata`

```
mixed core\Data::postdata()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `restore_session`

```
mixed core\Data::restore_session()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `xss_clean`

```
mixed core\Data::xss_clean($str)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $str **mixed**



## Method `undo_magic_quotes`

```
mixed core\Data::undo_magic_quotes($array, $top_level)
```





* Visibility: **private**

#### Arguments

* $array **mixed**
* $top_level **mixed**

Commit message:

Improved API docs.  * Implemented a functional back-to-top button. (Displays current class name.)  * Fixed casing for API-index.md

apidocs/core/Data.md, after:

# core\Data
[API index](../API-index.md)






* Class name: Data
* Namespace: core




## Class index

**Properties**
* [`public mixed $cookie`](#property-cookie)
* [`public mixed $env`](#property-env)
* [`public mixed $files`](#property-files)
* [`public mixed $get`](#property-get)
* [`public mixed $post`](#property-post)
* [`public mixed $request`](#property-request)
* [`public mixed $server`](#property-server)
* [`public mixed $session`](#property-session)

**Methods**
* [`public mixed __destruct()`](#method-__destruct)
* [`public mixed __get($name)`](#method-__get)
* [`public mixed filter($component)`](#method-filter)
* [`public mixed init()`](#method-init)
* [`public mixed merge()`](#method-merge)
* [`public mixed postdata()`](#method-postdata)
* [`public mixed restore_session()`](#method-restore_session)
* [`public mixed xss_clean($str)`](#method-xss_clean)
* [`private mixed undo_magic_quotes($array, $top_level)`](#method-undo_magic_quotes)







# Properties


## Property `$cookie`
In class: [core\Data](#top)

```
public mixed $cookie
```





* Visibility: **public**


## Property `$env`
In class: [core\Data](#top)

```
public mixed $env
```





* Visibility: **public**


## Property `$files`
In class: [core\Data](#top)

```
public mixed $files
```





* Visibility: **public**


## Property `$get`
In class: [core\Data](#top)

```
public mixed $get
```





* Visibility: **public**


## Property `$post`
In class: [core\Data](#top)

```
public mixed $post
```





* Visibility: **public**


## Property `$request`
In class: [core\Data](#top)

```
public mixed $request
```





* Visibility: **public**


## Property `$server`
In class: [core\Data](#top)

```
public mixed $server
```





* Visibility: **public**


## Property `$session`
In class: [core\Data](#top)

```
public mixed $session
```





* Visibility: **public**


# Methods


## Method `__destruct`
In class: [core\Data](#top)

```
mixed core\Data::__destruct()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `__get`
In class: [core\Data](#top)

```
mixed core\Data::__get($name)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $name **mixed**



## Method `filter`
In class: [core\Data](#top)

```
mixed core\Data::filter($component)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $component **mixed**



## Method `init`
In class: [core\Data](#top)

```
mixed core\Data::init()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `merge`
In class: [core\Data](#top)

```
mixed core\Data::merge()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `postdata`
In class: [core\Data](#top)

```
mixed core\Data::postdata()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `restore_session`
In class: [core\Data](#top)

```
mixed core\Data::restore_session()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `xss_clean`
In class: [core\Data](#top)

```
mixed core\Data::xss_clean($str)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $str **mixed**



## Method `undo_magic_quotes`
In class: [core\Data](#top)

```
mixed core\Data::undo_magic_quotes($array, $top_level)
```





* Visibility: **private**

#### Arguments

* $array **mixed**
* $top_level **mixed**
