apidocs/core/File.md, before:

# core\File
[API index](../API-index.md)






* Class name: File
* Namespace: core




## Class index

**Properties**
* [`private mixed $paths`](#property-paths)
* [`private mixed $uploads`](#property-uploads)

**Methods**
* [`public mixed add_dir($path)`](#method-add_dir)
* [`public mixed check_dir($path)`](#method-check_dir)
* [`public mixed file($source)`](#method-file)
* [`public mixed image($source)`](#method-image)
* [`public mixed init()`](#method-init)







# Properties


## Property `$paths`

```
private mixed $paths = null
```





* Visibility: **private**


## Property `$uploads`

```
private mixed $uploads
```





* Visibility: **private**


# Methods


## Method `add_dir`

```
mixed core\File::add_dir($path)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $path **mixed**



## Method `check_dir`

```
mixed core\File::check_dir($path)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $path **mixed**



## Method `file`

```
mixed core\File::file($source)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $source **mixed**



## Method `image`

```
mixed core\File::image($source)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $source **mixed**



## Method `init`

```
mixed core\File::init()
```





* Visibility: **public**

Commit message:

Improved API docs.  * Implemented a functional back-to-top button. (Displays current class name.)  * Fixed casing for API-index.md

apidocs/core/File.md, after:

# core\File
[API index](../API-index.md)






* Class name: File
* Namespace: core




## Class index

**Properties**
* [`private mixed $paths`](#property-paths)
* [`private mixed $uploads`](#property-uploads)

**Methods**
* [`public mixed add_dir($path)`](#method-add_dir)
* [`public mixed check_dir($path)`](#method-check_dir)
* [`public mixed file($source)`](#method-file)
* [`public mixed image($source)`](#method-image)
* [`public mixed init()`](#method-init)







# Properties


## Property `$paths`
In class: [core\File](#top)

```
private mixed $paths = null
```





* Visibility: **private**


## Property `$uploads`
In class: [core\File](#top)

```
private mixed $uploads
```





* Visibility: **private**


# Methods


## Method `add_dir`
In class: [core\File](#top)

```
mixed core\File::add_dir($path)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $path **mixed**



## Method `check_dir`
In class: [core\File](#top)

```
mixed core\File::check_dir($path)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $path **mixed**



## Method `file`
In class: [core\File](#top)

```
mixed core\File::file($source)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $source **mixed**



## Method `image`
In class: [core\File](#top)

```
mixed core\File::image($source)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $source **mixed**



## Method `init`
In class: [core\File](#top)

```
mixed core\File::init()
```





* Visibility: **public**
