apidocs/core/Language.md, before:

# core\Language
[API index](../API-index.md)






* Class name: Language
* Namespace: core




## Class index

**Properties**
* [`private mixed $caching`](#property-caching)
* [`private mixed $language_code`](#property-language_code)
* [`private mixed $language_id`](#property-language_id)
* [`private mixed $translating_started`](#property-translating_started)
* [`private mixed $translations`](#property-translations)

**Methods**
* [`public mixed __get($key)`](#method-__get)
* [`public mixed get_language_code()`](#method-get_language_code)
* [`public mixed get_language_id()`](#method-get_language_id)
* [`public mixed get_languages()`](#method-get_languages)
* [`public mixed init()`](#method-init)
* [`public mixed multilanguage(\Closure $closure)`](#method-multilanguage)
* [`public mixed set_language_id($id)`](#method-set_language_id)
* [`public mixed translate($phrase, $component, $lang_id, $case)`](#method-translate)







# Properties


## Property `$caching`

```
private mixed $caching
```





* Visibility: **private**


## Property `$language_code`

```
private mixed $language_code
```





* Visibility: **private**


## Property `$language_id`

```
private mixed $language_id
```





* Visibility: **private**


## Property `$translating_started`

```
private mixed $translating_started
```





* Visibility: **private**


## Property `$translations`

```
private mixed $translations
```





* Visibility: **private**


# Methods


## Method `__get`

```
mixed core\Language::__get($key)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $key **mixed**



## Method `get_language_code`

```
mixed core\Language::get_language_code()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `get_language_id`

```
mixed core\Language::get_language_id()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `get_languages`

```
mixed core\Language::get_languages()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `init`

```
mixed core\Language::init()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `multilanguage`

```
mixed core\Language::multilanguage(\Closure $closure)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $closure **Closure**



## Method `set_language_id`

```
mixed core\Language::set_language_id($id)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $id **mixed**



## Method `translate`

```
mixed core\Language::translate($phrase, $component, $lang_id, $case)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $phrase **mixed**
* $component **mixed**
* $lang_id **mixed**
* $case **mixed**

Commit message:

Improved API docs.  * Implemented a functional back-to-top button. (Displays current class name.)  * Fixed casing for API-index.md

apidocs/core/Language.md, after:

# core\Language
[API index](../API-index.md)






* Class name: Language
* Namespace: core




## Class index

**Properties**
* [`private mixed $caching`](#property-caching)
* [`private mixed $language_code`](#property-language_code)
* [`private mixed $language_id`](#property-language_id)
* [`private mixed $translating_started`](#property-translating_started)
* [`private mixed $translations`](#property-translations)

**Methods**
* [`public mixed __get($key)`](#method-__get)
* [`public mixed get_language_code()`](#method-get_language_code)
* [`public mixed get_language_id()`](#method-get_language_id)
* [`public mixed get_languages()`](#method-get_languages)
* [`public mixed init()`](#method-init)
* [`public mixed multilanguage(\Closure $closure)`](#method-multilanguage)
* [`public mixed set_language_id($id)`](#method-set_language_id)
* [`public mixed translate($phrase, $component, $lang_id, $case)`](#method-translate)







# Properties


## Property `$caching`
In class: [core\Language](#top)

```
private mixed $caching
```





* Visibility: **private**


## Property `$language_code`
In class: [core\Language](#top)

```
private mixed $language_code
```





* Visibility: **private**


## Property `$language_id`
In class: [core\Language](#top)

```
private mixed $language_id
```





* Visibility: **private**


## Property `$translating_started`
In class: [core\Language](#top)

```
private mixed $translating_started
```





* Visibility: **private**


## Property `$translations`
In class: [core\Language](#top)

```
private mixed $translations
```





* Visibility: **private**


# Methods


## Method `__get`
In class: [core\Language](#top)

```
mixed core\Language::__get($key)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $key **mixed**



## Method `get_language_code`
In class: [core\Language](#top)

```
mixed core\Language::get_language_code()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `get_language_id`
In class: [core\Language](#top)

```
mixed core\Language::get_language_id()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `get_languages`
In class: [core\Language](#top)

```
mixed core\Language::get_languages()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `init`
In class: [core\Language](#top)

```
mixed core\Language::init()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `multilanguage`
In class: [core\Language](#top)

```
mixed core\Language::multilanguage(\Closure $closure)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $closure **Closure**



## Method `set_language_id`
In class: [core\Language](#top)

```
mixed core\Language::set_language_id($id)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $id **mixed**



## Method `translate`
In class: [core\Language](#top)

```
mixed core\Language::translate($phrase, $component, $lang_id, $case)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $phrase **mixed**
* $component **mixed**
* $lang_id **mixed**
* $case **mixed**
