apidocs/core/Ob.md, before:

# core\Ob
[API index](../API-index.md)






* Class name: Ob
* Namespace: core




## Class index

**Properties**
* [`private mixed $buffers`](#property-buffers)
* [`private mixed $link`](#property-link)
* [`private mixed $meta`](#property-meta)
* [`private mixed $retrieved`](#property-retrieved)
* [`private mixed $script`](#property-script)
* [`private mixed $style`](#property-style)

**Methods**
* [`public mixed __construct()`](#method-__construct)
* [`public mixed __destruct()`](#method-__destruct)
* [`public mixed add($content, $type, $id)`](#method-add)
* [`public mixed end()`](#method-end)
* [`public mixed get($type)`](#method-get)
* [`public mixed link()`](#method-link)
* [`public mixed meta()`](#method-meta)
* [`public mixed script()`](#method-script)
* [`public mixed style()`](#method-style)







# Properties


## Property `$buffers`

```
private mixed $buffers = array()
```





* Visibility: **private**


## Property `$link`

```
private mixed $link
```





* Visibility: **private**


## Property `$meta`

```
private mixed $meta
```





* Visibility: **private**


## Property `$retrieved`

```
private mixed $retrieved = array()
```





* Visibility: **private**


## Property `$script`

```
private mixed $script
```





* Visibility: **private**


## Property `$style`

```
private mixed $style
```





* Visibility: **private**


# Methods


## Method `__construct`

```
mixed core\Ob::__construct()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `__destruct`

```
mixed core\Ob::__destruct()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `add`

```
mixed core\Ob::add($content, $type, $id)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $content **mixed**
* $type **mixed**
* $id **mixed**



## Method `end`

```
mixed core\Ob::end()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `get`

```
mixed core\Ob::get($type)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $type **mixed**



## Method `link`

```
mixed core\Ob::link()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `meta`

```
mixed core\Ob::meta()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `script`

```
mixed core\Ob::script()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `style`

```
mixed core\Ob::style()
```





* Visibility: **public**

Commit message:

Improved API docs.  * Implemented a functional back-to-top button. (Displays current class name.)  * Fixed casing for API-index.md

apidocs/core/Ob.md, after:

# core\Ob
[API index](../API-index.md)






* Class name: Ob
* Namespace: core




## Class index

**Properties**
* [`private mixed $buffers`](#property-buffers)
* [`private mixed $link`](#property-link)
* [`private mixed $meta`](#property-meta)
* [`private mixed $retrieved`](#property-retrieved)
* [`private mixed $script`](#property-script)
* [`private mixed $style`](#property-style)

**Methods**
* [`public mixed __construct()`](#method-__construct)
* [`public mixed __destruct()`](#method-__destruct)
* [`public mixed add($content, $type, $id)`](#method-add)
* [`public mixed end()`](#method-end)
* [`public mixed get($type)`](#method-get)
* [`public mixed link()`](#method-link)
* [`public mixed meta()`](#method-meta)
* [`public mixed script()`](#method-script)
* [`public mixed style()`](#method-style)







# Properties


## Property `$buffers`
In class: [core\Ob](#top)

```
private mixed $buffers = array()
```





* Visibility: **private**


## Property `$link`
In class: [core\Ob](#top)

```
private mixed $link
```





* Visibility: **private**


## Property `$meta`
In class: [core\Ob](#top)

```
private mixed $meta
```





* Visibility: **private**


## Property `$retrieved`
In class: [core\Ob](#top)

```
private mixed $retrieved = array()
```





* Visibility: **private**


## Property `$script`
In class: [core\Ob](#top)

```
private mixed $script
```





* Visibility: **private**


## Property `$style`
In class: [core\Ob](#top)

```
private mixed $style
```





* Visibility: **private**


# Methods


## Method `__construct`
In class: [core\Ob](#top)

```
mixed core\Ob::__construct()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `__destruct`
In class: [core\Ob](#top)

```
mixed core\Ob::__destruct()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `add`
In class: [core\Ob](#top)

```
mixed core\Ob::add($content, $type, $id)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $content **mixed**
* $type **mixed**
* $id **mixed**



## Method `end`
In class: [core\Ob](#top)

```
mixed core\Ob::end()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `get`
In class: [core\Ob](#top)

```
mixed core\Ob::get($type)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $type **mixed**



## Method `link`
In class: [core\Ob](#top)

```
mixed core\Ob::link()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `meta`
In class: [core\Ob](#top)

```
mixed core\Ob::meta()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `script`
In class: [core\Ob](#top)

```
mixed core\Ob::script()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `style`
In class: [core\Ob](#top)

```
mixed core\Ob::style()
```





* Visibility: **public**
