apidocs/core/Router.md, before:

# core\Router
[API index](../API-index.md)






* Class name: Router
* Namespace: core




## Class index


**Methods**
* [`public mixed start()`](#method-start)
* [`private mixed get_component()`](#method-get_component)
* [`private mixed parse_action($action)`](#method-parse_action)
* [`private mixed parse_module($module)`](#method-parse_module)
* [`private mixed parse_section($section)`](#method-parse_section)









# Methods


## Method `start`

```
mixed core\Router::start()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `get_component`

```
mixed core\Router::get_component()
```





* Visibility: **private**



## Method `parse_action`

```
mixed core\Router::parse_action($action)
```





* Visibility: **private**

#### Arguments

* $action **mixed**



## Method `parse_module`

```
mixed core\Router::parse_module($module)
```





* Visibility: **private**

#### Arguments

* $module **mixed**



## Method `parse_section`

```
mixed core\Router::parse_section($section)
```





* Visibility: **private**

#### Arguments

* $section **mixed**

Commit message:

Improved API docs.  * Implemented a functional back-to-top button. (Displays current class name.)  * Fixed casing for API-index.md

apidocs/core/Router.md, after:

# core\Router
[API index](../API-index.md)






* Class name: Router
* Namespace: core




## Class index


**Methods**
* [`public mixed start()`](#method-start)
* [`private mixed get_component()`](#method-get_component)
* [`private mixed parse_action($action)`](#method-parse_action)
* [`private mixed parse_module($module)`](#method-parse_module)
* [`private mixed parse_section($section)`](#method-parse_section)









# Methods


## Method `start`
In class: [core\Router](#top)

```
mixed core\Router::start()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `get_component`
In class: [core\Router](#top)

```
mixed core\Router::get_component()
```





* Visibility: **private**



## Method `parse_action`
In class: [core\Router](#top)

```
mixed core\Router::parse_action($action)
```





* Visibility: **private**

#### Arguments

* $action **mixed**



## Method `parse_module`
In class: [core\Router](#top)

```
mixed core\Router::parse_module($module)
```





* Visibility: **private**

#### Arguments

* $module **mixed**



## Method `parse_section`
In class: [core\Router](#top)

```
mixed core\Router::parse_section($section)
```





* Visibility: **private**

#### Arguments

* $section **mixed**
