apidocs/core/Session.md, before:

# core\Session
[API index](../API-index.md)






* Class name: Session
* Namespace: core




## Class index

**Properties**
* [`public mixed $id`](#property-id)
* [`public mixed $keep_flashes`](#property-keep_flashes)

**Methods**
* [`public mixed __destruct()`](#method-__destruct)
* [`public mixed clear_flashes()`](#method-clear_flashes)
* [`public mixed destroy()`](#method-destroy)
* [`public mixed flash()`](#method-flash)
* [`public mixed init()`](#method-init)
* [`public mixed keep_flashes($set)`](#method-keep_flashes)
* [`public mixed regenerate()`](#method-regenerate)
* [`public mixed unset_flash($name)`](#method-unset_flash)
* [`private mixed progress_flashes()`](#method-progress_flashes)







# Properties


## Property `$id`

```
public mixed $id
```





* Visibility: **public**


## Property `$keep_flashes`

```
public mixed $keep_flashes = false
```





* Visibility: **public**


# Methods


## Method `__destruct`

```
mixed core\Session::__destruct()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `clear_flashes`

```
mixed core\Session::clear_flashes()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `destroy`

```
mixed core\Session::destroy()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `flash`

```
mixed core\Session::flash()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `init`

```
mixed core\Session::init()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `keep_flashes`

```
mixed core\Session::keep_flashes($set)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $set **mixed**



## Method `regenerate`

```
mixed core\Session::regenerate()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `unset_flash`

```
mixed core\Session::unset_flash($name)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $name **mixed**



## Method `progress_flashes`

```
mixed core\Session::progress_flashes()
```





* Visibility: **private**

Commit message:

Improved API docs.  * Implemented a functional back-to-top button. (Displays current class name.)  * Fixed casing for API-index.md

apidocs/core/Session.md, after:

# core\Session
[API index](../API-index.md)






* Class name: Session
* Namespace: core




## Class index

**Properties**
* [`public mixed $id`](#property-id)
* [`public mixed $keep_flashes`](#property-keep_flashes)

**Methods**
* [`public mixed __destruct()`](#method-__destruct)
* [`public mixed clear_flashes()`](#method-clear_flashes)
* [`public mixed destroy()`](#method-destroy)
* [`public mixed flash()`](#method-flash)
* [`public mixed init()`](#method-init)
* [`public mixed keep_flashes($set)`](#method-keep_flashes)
* [`public mixed regenerate()`](#method-regenerate)
* [`public mixed unset_flash($name)`](#method-unset_flash)
* [`private mixed progress_flashes()`](#method-progress_flashes)







# Properties


## Property `$id`
In class: [core\Session](#top)

```
public mixed $id
```





* Visibility: **public**


## Property `$keep_flashes`
In class: [core\Session](#top)

```
public mixed $keep_flashes = false
```





* Visibility: **public**


# Methods


## Method `__destruct`
In class: [core\Session](#top)

```
mixed core\Session::__destruct()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `clear_flashes`
In class: [core\Session](#top)

```
mixed core\Session::clear_flashes()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `destroy`
In class: [core\Session](#top)

```
mixed core\Session::destroy()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `flash`
In class: [core\Session](#top)

```
mixed core\Session::flash()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `init`
In class: [core\Session](#top)

```
mixed core\Session::init()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `keep_flashes`
In class: [core\Session](#top)

```
mixed core\Session::keep_flashes($set)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $set **mixed**



## Method `regenerate`
In class: [core\Session](#top)

```
mixed core\Session::regenerate()
```





* Visibility: **public**



## Method `unset_flash`
In class: [core\Session](#top)

```
mixed core\Session::unset_flash($name)
```





* Visibility: **public**

#### Arguments

* $name **mixed**



## Method `progress_flashes`
In class: [core\Session](#top)

```
mixed core\Session::progress_flashes()
```





* Visibility: **private**
