apidocs/exception/InputMissing.md, before:

# exception\InputMissing
[API index](../API-index.md)






* Class name: InputMissing
* Namespace: exception
* Parent class: [exception\NotFound](../exception/NotFound.md)




## Class index

**Properties**
* [`protected static mixed $ex_code`](#property-ex_code)



## Inheritance index

**Properties**
* [`protected mixed $prev`](#property-prev)

**Methods**
* [`public mixed __construct()`](#method-__construct)
* [`public mixed getExCode()`](#method-getExCode)
* [`public mixed getPrev()`](#method-getPrev)
* [`public mixed setPrev(\exception\Exception $previous)`](#method-setPrev)



# Properties


## Property `$ex_code`

```
protected mixed $ex_code = EX_INPUTMISSING
```





* Visibility: **protected**
* This property is **static**.


## Property `$prev`

```
protected mixed $prev
```





* Visibility: **protected**
* This property is defined by [exception\Exception](../exception/Exception.md)


# Methods


## Method `__construct`

```
mixed exception\Exception::__construct()
```





* Visibility: **public**
* This method is defined by [exception\Exception](../exception/Exception.md)



## Method `getExCode`

```
mixed exception\Exception::getExCode()
```





* Visibility: **public**
* This method is defined by [exception\Exception](../exception/Exception.md)



## Method `getPrev`

```
mixed exception\Exception::getPrev()
```





* Visibility: **public**
* This method is defined by [exception\Exception](../exception/Exception.md)



## Method `setPrev`

```
mixed exception\Exception::setPrev(\exception\Exception $previous)
```





* Visibility: **public**
* This method is defined by [exception\Exception](../exception/Exception.md)

#### Arguments

* $previous **[exception\Exception](../exception/Exception.md)**

Commit message:

Improved API docs.  * Implemented a functional back-to-top button. (Displays current class name.)  * Fixed casing for API-index.md

apidocs/exception/InputMissing.md, after:

# exception\InputMissing
[API index](../API-index.md)






* Class name: InputMissing
* Namespace: exception
* Parent class: [exception\NotFound](../exception/NotFound.md)




## Class index

**Properties**
* [`protected static mixed $ex_code`](#property-ex_code)



## Inheritance index

**Properties**
* [`protected mixed $prev`](#property-prev)

**Methods**
* [`public mixed __construct()`](#method-__construct)
* [`public mixed getExCode()`](#method-getExCode)
* [`public mixed getPrev()`](#method-getPrev)
* [`public mixed setPrev(\exception\Exception $previous)`](#method-setPrev)



# Properties


## Property `$ex_code`
In class: [exception\InputMissing](#top)

```
protected mixed $ex_code = EX_INPUTMISSING
```





* Visibility: **protected**
* This property is **static**.


## Property `$prev`
In class: [exception\InputMissing](#top)

```
protected mixed $prev
```





* Visibility: **protected**
* This property is defined by [exception\Exception](../exception/Exception.md)


# Methods


## Method `__construct`
In class: [exception\InputMissing](#top)

```
mixed exception\Exception::__construct()
```





* Visibility: **public**
* This method is defined by [exception\Exception](../exception/Exception.md)



## Method `getExCode`
In class: [exception\InputMissing](#top)

```
mixed exception\Exception::getExCode()
```





* Visibility: **public**
* This method is defined by [exception\Exception](../exception/Exception.md)



## Method `getPrev`
In class: [exception\InputMissing](#top)

```
mixed exception\Exception::getPrev()
```





* Visibility: **public**
* This method is defined by [exception\Exception](../exception/Exception.md)



## Method `setPrev`
In class: [exception\InputMissing](#top)

```
mixed exception\Exception::setPrev(\exception\Exception $previous)
```





* Visibility: **public**
* This method is defined by [exception\Exception](../exception/Exception.md)

#### Arguments

* $previous **[exception\Exception](../exception/Exception.md)**
